TA-14 EXCHANGE PLATFORM
V0.3.2 — COPY, VERIFY, AND DEPLOY INSTRUCTIONS

GOVERNING PRINCIPLE

NO ADMISSIBLE EVIDENCE.
NO ADMISSIBLE EXECUTION.


PURPOSE

These instructions describe how to copy a complete TA-14 Exchange Platform source package into the local Git repository without deleting Git history, then verify and deploy the result.

The current local repository destination is:

C:\Users\gregg\Documents\GitHub\ta14-exchange-platform


IMPORTANT

Copy the CONTENTS of the source package into the repository.

Do not copy the outer package folder itself.

Do not delete or overwrite the existing:

.git

folder.

The .git folder contains repository history, branch information, remote configuration, and commit continuity.


SAFE COPY PROCEDURE

1. Close any terminal or editor operation that is actively writing files inside the repository.

2. Open the source package folder.

3. Select everything inside the source package folder.

4. Copy the selected files and folders.

5. Open:

C:\Users\gregg\Documents\GitHub\ta14-exchange-platform

6. Paste the copied contents into that repository folder.

7. Allow Windows to merge matching folders.

8. Replace matching source files only when the package is intended to replace them.

9. Do not delete the .git folder.

10. Do not copy node_modules, .next, coverage, temporary logs, downloaded secrets, or local environment files into GitHub.


DO NOT COPY THESE GENERATED OR PRIVATE ITEMS

Do not intentionally include:

node_modules
.next
coverage
*.log
.env
.env.local
.env.production
.env.development
private keys
signing secrets
API credentials
access tokens
database passwords
payment credentials
real customer evidence
protected health information
regulated records

Generated dependencies and build outputs must be recreated through npm and Next.js.


AFTER COPYING

Open a terminal in:

C:\Users\gregg\Documents\GitHub\ta14-exchange-platform

Confirm the repository is still connected to Git:

git status

Confirm the active branch:

git branch --show-current

The expected production branch is normally:

main


INSTALL DEPENDENCIES

Run:

npm install

The repository currently uses npm install in its deployment and verification workflow.

Do not switch back to npm ci unless package-lock.json and the deployment environment are confirmed to support it consistently.


RUN COMPLETE VERIFICATION

Run:

npm run verify

The complete verification workflow should run:

1. TypeScript checking
2. Automated tests
3. Next.js production build

Do not commit or deploy the copied package if verification fails.


OPTIONAL INDIVIDUAL CHECKS

TypeScript:

npm run typecheck

Tests:

npm run test

Production build:

npm run build

Development server:

npm run dev

Then open:

http://localhost:3000


REVIEW CHANGED FILES

Run:

git status

Review the change summary:

git diff --stat

Review the actual changes:

git diff

Confirm that:

- Only intended files changed
- No secrets were added
- No generated build folders were added
- No local evidence records were added
- No development signing keys were added
- No unrelated files were deleted
- The .git folder remains intact
- The route domains remain correctly separated
- Adverse-result preservation was not removed
- No production capability was falsely claimed


STAGE THE CHANGES

To stage all intended changes:

git add .

Review staged files:

git status

Review staged content:

git diff --cached


COMMIT THE CHANGES

Use a bounded commit message describing the actual package or change.

Example:

git commit -m "Update TA-14 Exchange Platform V0.3.2 source package"

Prefer one bounded change per commit.

Do not combine unrelated architecture, interface, API, persistence, schema, and documentation changes unless they are inseparable.


PUSH TO GITHUB

Push the verified commit:

git push origin main

After pushing:

1. Open the GitHub repository.
2. Open the Actions tab.
3. Wait for GitHub Verify to complete.
4. Confirm all configured checks pass.
5. Do not continue if GitHub Verify fails.


VERCEL DEPLOYMENT

The GitHub repository is connected to Vercel.

After GitHub receives the commit:

1. Wait for the Vercel deployment.
2. Confirm the production build passes.
3. Open the live deployment.
4. Inspect the surface affected by the copied files.
5. Confirm there are no blank pages, missing components, route failures, or misleading claims.


LIVE DEPLOYMENT

Public platform:

https://ta14-exchange-platform-theta.vercel.app/

Governance Workspace:

https://ta14-exchange-platform-theta.vercel.app/workspace

Route Evaluation Workspace:

https://ta14-exchange-platform-theta.vercel.app/workspace/routes/new


MINIMUM LIVE SMOKE TEST

After deployment, inspect:

/

Confirm the public platform loads.


Inspect:

/workspace

Confirm the Governance Workspace loads and its direct actions remain visible.


Inspect:

/workspace/routes/new

Confirm the route evaluation workspace loads.


Also inspect the active Visual Route Builder path shown by the workspace navigation.

Confirm:

- No blank page
- No missing import
- No hydration failure
- No server error
- No broken navigation
- No missing evaluation panel
- No incompatible adapter call
- No lost route domain
- No hidden HOLD, DENY, or ESCALATE result


AI GOVERNANCE CHECK

After deployment:

1. Open the Visual Route Builder.
2. Construct or load an AI Governance route.
3. Confirm the route uses the canonical eight-stage chain.
4. Transfer the route into evaluation.
5. Confirm the domain remains AI Governance.
6. Confirm the vendor-payment API is not used.
7. Confirm the AI Governance evaluation panel appears.
8. Confirm requirement states are visible.
9. Confirm declared content is not automatically treated as proof.
10. Confirm unresolved proof can produce HOLD.
11. Confirm the deterministic fingerprint appears.
12. Confirm limitations remain visible.


VENDOR-PAYMENT CHECK

Confirm that:

1. The vendor-payment demonstration opens.
2. The route retains its payment-domain identity.
3. Missing dual authority and beneficiary proof produce HOLD.
4. Correction creates a new route version.
5. The original HOLD remains preserved.
6. Deterministic decision behavior remains intact.
7. Verification artifacts remain available.


COPY BOUNDARY

Copying files proves only that source files were transferred.

It does not prove:

- The copied code is correct
- The build will pass
- The tests will pass
- The deployment will pass
- The evidence is true
- The authority is valid
- The route is admissible
- Execution occurred
- The outcome is verified
- The platform is production-ready

Those conditions require their own checks and evidence.


CURRENT RELEASE BOUNDARY

V0.3.2 is a working development and demonstration platform.

It is not yet a complete production system for:

- Authentication
- Tenant isolation
- Private evidence custody
- Managed signing infrastructure
- Production payments
- Independent verification
- Certification
- Enterprise security
- Disaster recovery
- Regulatory reliance

Do not place production secrets, real regulated evidence, private customer records, protected health information, financial credentials, or production signing keys into this repository or a development deployment.


FAILURE PROCEDURE

If npm run verify fails:

1. Stop.
2. Read the first meaningful error.
3. Identify the exact file and line.
4. Correct the smallest responsible surface.
5. Run npm run verify again.
6. Do not push until verification passes.

If GitHub Verify fails:

1. Stop.
2. Open the failed workflow.
3. Read the first meaningful error.
4. Correct the responsible file.
5. Commit the correction.
6. Push again.
7. Wait for a clean Verify result.

If Vercel fails:

1. Stop.
2. Open the deployment logs.
3. Read the first meaningful build or runtime error.
4. Correct the responsible file or configuration.
5. Verify locally.
6. Push the correction.
7. Confirm both GitHub and Vercel pass.


ROLLBACK

If the copied package deploys successfully but causes a regression:

1. Identify the last known-good commit:

git log --oneline

2. Restore or revert the bounded change.

3. Run:

npm run verify

4. Commit the rollback.

5. Push to GitHub.

6. Confirm GitHub Verify passes.

7. Confirm Vercel deployment passes.

8. Re-test the affected route.

Do not delete preserved route history, prior adverse decisions, or governance records merely because an interface or source-package deployment was rolled back.


SUCCESS CONDITION

The copy operation is complete only when:

- Source files were copied into the correct repository
- The .git folder remained intact
- npm install completed
- npm run verify passed
- Intended changes were reviewed
- No secrets or generated folders were staged
- The commit was pushed
- GitHub Verify passed
- Vercel deployment passed
- The affected live routes were inspected


FINAL RULE

A copied file is not a verified file.

A passing build is not an admissible route.

A deployment is not proof of evidence, authority, execution, or outcome.

BUILD THE ROUTE.
PROVE THE AUTHORITY.
PRESERVE THE CONSEQUENCE.

NO ADMISSIBLE EVIDENCE.
NO ADMISSIBLE EXECUTION.
